[Event "https://youtu.be/cA-UTdz8jck"]

1. +b +G
{On turn 1, black's beetle was dropped, then white's grasshopper was dropped.}

2. +sbG2 +QGb2
{On turn 2, black's spider was dropped to be next to black's beetle, 2 places
clockwise from white's grasshopper, then white's queen was dropped to be next to
white's grasshopper, 2 places clockwise from black's beetle.}

3. +qbs1 +AQG3
{On turn 3, black's queen was dropped to be next to black's beetle, 1 places
clockwise from black's spider, then white's ant was dropped to be next to
white's queen, 3 places clockwise from white's grasshopper.}

4. +aqs1 Aqa2
{On turn 4, black's ant was dropped to be next to black's queen, 1 places
clockwise from black's spider, then white's ant moved to be next to black's
queen, 2 places clockwise from black's ant.}

5. aQG4 +BAq2
{On turn 5, black's ant moved to be next to white's queen, 4 places clockwise
from white's grasshopper, then white's beetle was dropped to be next to white's
ant, 2 places clockwise from black's queen.}

6. sB +AAB2
{On turn 6, black's spider moved to be next to white's beetle, then white's ant
was dropped to be next to white's ant, 2 places clockwise from white's beetle.}

7. +aaQ4 Aqb3
{On turn 7, black's ant was dropped to be next to black's ant, 4 places
clockwise from white's queen, then white's ant moved to be next to black's
queen, 3 places clockwise from black's beetle.}

8. aQG2 BxAs
{On turn 8, black's ant moved to be next to white's queen, 2 places clockwise
from white's grasshopper, then white's beetle climbed onto white's ant to be
next to black's spider.}

9. +gaQ(a2)3 Bxq
{On turn 9, black's grasshopper was dropped to be next to black's ant (the one
next to white's queen, 2 places clockwise from black's ant) 3 places clockwise
from white's queen, then white's beetle climbed onto black's queen.}

10. gQ +GB
{On turn 10, black's grasshopper moved to be next to white's queen, then white's
grasshopper was dropped to be next to white's beetle.}

11. +aaQ(a2)2 +AAA3
{On turn 11, black's ant was dropped to be next to black's ant (the one next to
white's queen, 2 places clockwise from black's ant) 2 places clockwise from
white's queen, then white's ant was dropped to be next to white's ant, 3 places
clockwise from white's ant.}

12. sA +BGB2
{On turn 12, black's spider moved to be next to white's ant, then white's beetle
was dropped to be next to white's grasshopper, 2 places clockwise from white's
beetle.}

13. aa-Qg4 BGA3-b
{On turn 13, black's ant moved to be next to white's queen, 4 places clockwise
from black's grasshopper, then white's beetle moved from next to white's
grasshopper, 3 places clockwise from white's ant to be next to black's beetle.}

14. +gaG3 Bgb1#
{On turn 14, black's grasshopper was dropped to be next to black's ant, 3 places
clockwise from white's grasshopper, then white's beetle moved to be next to
black's grasshopper, 1 places clockwise from black's beetle and won the game.}
